README.md, before:

# Javru
 A little project I made to run .java files easily. test.java is for testing the program.

# How to build from source
 Make sure you have [gcc](https://gcc.gnu.org/releases.html) installed.

 First download the source of javru and run `g++ -o myprogram main.cpp lib/jvrl.cpp` in cmd or pwsh.

 rename the exe to what you want the command to be. (the official command is javru)

 Then make a folder in the c drive and name it whatever you want.

 Put the exe in that folder

 Press the windows key and type "environment variables" and click on the top result.

 In that menu press environment variables then click PATH in system variables.

 Then click edit and then new and paste in the path to the folder you made.

 Then restart your terminal.

 Then it should be done!

# How to install normally
 Download the latest version from the releases tab and skip step 1, 2 and 3

# How to use
 Very simple.
 Make sure you have [the jvm and jdk](https://www.java.com) installed
 Then just go to a dir with a java file and run what you set the exe name as and then the name of your java file

# Disclaimer
 This is a modified version of [ts-node](https://github.com/Thepuppetqueen57/ts-node)

Commit message:

Kotlin support!
Added kotlin support. For java files the command works the exact same. For kotlin files you need to add k after the file name. Example: javru test.kt k

README.md, after:

# Javru
 A little project I made to run .java and .kt files easily. test.java and test.kt is for testing the program.

# How to build from source
 Make sure you have [gcc](https://gcc.gnu.org/releases.html) installed.

 First download the source of javru and run `g++ main.cpp lib/jvrl.cpp` in cmd or pwsh.

 rename the exe to what you want the command to be. (the official command is javru)

 Then make a folder in the c drive and name it whatever you want.

 Put the exe in that folder

 Press the windows key and type "environment variables" and click on the top result.

 In that menu press environment variables then click PATH in system variables.

 Then click edit and then new and paste in the path to the folder you made.

 Then restart your terminal.

 Then it should be done!

# How to install normally
 Download the latest version from the releases tab and skip step 1, 2 and 3

# How to use
 Very simple.
 Make sure you have [the jvm and jdk](https://www.java.com) and [the kotlin compiler](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/command-line.html) installed
 Then just go to a dir with a java file and run what you set the exe name as and then the name of your java file

# Disclaimer
 This is a heavily modified version of [ts-node](https://github.com/Thepuppetqueen57/ts-node)
